[ci skip] fix typo in README.md (#196)
kowainik/summoner: README.md

```

After that, you can call `summon` with the required command. To create a
project, use `summon new` command specifying the preferred CLI options, follow
the instructions during the interactive process of the project creation, and a

> new project would be created in a sub folder as well as a repository under your

Reviewer: Looks like this should be `subfolder` according to various dictionaries.
* https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/subfolder
* https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/subfolder

```suggestion
new project would be created in a subfolder as well as a repository under your
```
